Java 9 Features:

There are 90+ enhancements added to Java 9, the most significant ones are mentioned below −

Module − A new kind of Java programing component introduced as a module, which is a named, 
self-describing collection of code and data.

REPL (JShell) − Read-Eval-Print Loop (REPL) capability added to the Java platform.

HTTP 2 Client − new HTTPClient API supporting WebSockets and HTTP 2 streams and server push features.

Improved JavaDocs − Supports HTML5 output generation. Provides a search box to generate API documentation.

Multi-release JAR − Enhances the JAR format so that multiple, Java release-specific versions of class files can coexist in a single archive.

Collection Factory Methods − New static factory methods for List, Set, and Map interfaces to create immutable instances of those collections.

Private Interface Methods − Enhanced interfaces with private and private static methods.

Process API Improvements − Improved API to control and manage operating system processes.

Stream API Improvements − Enhanced security and robustness by allowing filtered incoming streams of object-serialization data.

Try With Resources improvement − Now final variables can be used as resources in the try-with-resources statement.

Enhanced @Deprecated Annotation − @Deprecated annotation is revamped to provide more information about the status and intended disposition of an API.

Inner Class Diamond Operator − Allow the diamond operator to be used with anonymous classes if the argument type of the inferred type can be denoted.

Optional Class Improvements − New useful methods are added to java.util.Optional class.

Multiresolution Image API − Supports the encapsulation of a set of images with different resolutions into a single multiresolution image.

CompletableFuture API improvements − The asynchronous mechanisms of the CompletableFuture class can perform an action when the process exits with ProcessHandle.onExit method.

Lightweight JSON − A lightweight API introduced to consume and generate documents and data streams via JSON in java 9.

Reactive Streams API − A new Reactive Streams API in Java SE 9 has been introduced to support reactive programming in java 9.